# Sales-insights
This project involved creating sales dashboards/reports for a company (name withheld) in order to help them make data-driven decisions that could improve sales and maximize profit for the firm.
In this project I collected the sales data generated by the data engineers at the company, cleaned and organized this data on SQL, then imported it to PowerBI where I was able to manipulate the data to create reports in form of dashboards that showed the performance of the company from 2017 to 2020. 
With this dashbord, it was clear that sales were really declining during this period, so first I had to identify top and least performers in terms of customers, products, sales period, and location. It is quite important to know what the top and least performers are, because by analyzing top and least performers across products, customers, and locations, you gain valuable insights to optimize your sales strategy.  This can lead to increased sales, improved customer satisfaction, and a more efficient sales force.
This interactive dashboard that was created allows for further ivestigation of the performers in order to improve sales strategy by:
1. Identifying trends and patterns among the top and least performing products, customers, and locations. Are there certain characteristics or behaviors that differentiate them? Understanding these patterns can provide insights into factors driving success or hindering performance.
2. Performing a Root Cause Analysis: Conducting a root cause analysis to determine why certain products, customers, sales period or locations are performing better or worse than others. Are there specific factors contributing to their success or challenges? Identifying root causes can help pinpoint areas for improvement.
3. Carrying out product and geographical analysis.
